<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jstl/core"
      xmlns:fn="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/functions"
      xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
      xmlns:fx="http://www.flexive.com/jsf/core">

Description:
A flexive form input row with a single fxValueInput field.

Parameters:
id = element input ID

Label parameters - set exactly one of them to specify the label:
labelKey = Label key (possibly including parameters, e.g. my.property.message,#{myBean.value}
label = Label text to be displayed

Parameter passed through to the FxValueInput component:
value = the FxValue object to be displayed (mandatory, must not be null)
inputMapper = an (optional) InputMapper
onchange = a javascript onchange handler
readOnly = true to enable read-only mode
decorate = if false, no label/input div will be rendered, only the output of the fxValueInput component
filter = filter HTML output?
forceLineInput = force a single line of output (e.g. for query forms)
valueFormatter = A FxValueFormatter to be used for rendering the value (in read-only mode only). If not specified, the JSF renderer will choose the appropriate default formatter for the actual value class.
containerDivClass = If this CSS class property is set, the component will be embedded in a div-container using this CSS class as style.
autocompleteHandler = An instance of the flexive.yui.AutoCompleteHandler javascript class. This class provides a query method for a client-side autocomplete widget provided by Yahoo UI, as well as a method for formatting the response.
disableMultiLanguage = Disables multi language support even if the FxValue object is multilingual. Only the default translation will be displayed and updated. 
disableLytebox = Set this property to true if the Lytebox  javascript library used for rendering inline previews of images should not be used.

<ui:composition>

    <c:if test="#{!empty labelKey}">
        <c:set var="label" value="#{fxMessageBean[labelKey]}"/>
    </c:if>
    <c:if test="#{empty readOnly}">
        <c:set var="readOnly" value="false"/>
    </c:if>
    <c:if test="#{empty decorate}">
        <c:set var="decorate" value="true"/>
    </c:if>
    <c:if test="#{empty filter}">
        <c:set var="filter" value="true"/>
    </c:if>
    <c:set var="inputId" value="#{id}"/>
    <c:if test="#{decorate}">
        <fx:formRow id="#{id}_input_" label="#{label}">
            <fx:fxValueInput id="#{inputId}" value="#{value}" inputMapper="#{inputMapper}" onchange="#{onchange}" readOnly="#{readOnly}" filter="#{filter}"
                    forceLineInput="#{forceLineInput}" valueFormatter="#{valueFormatter}" containerDivClass="#{containerDivClass}"
                    autocompleteHandler="#{autocompleteHandler}" disableMultiLanguage="#{disableMultiLanguage}" disableLytebox="#{disableLytebox}"/>
        </fx:formRow>
    </c:if>
    <c:if test="#{!decorate}"><fx:fxValueInput id="#{id}" value="#{value}" inputMapper="#{inputMapper}" onchange="#{onchange}" readOnly="#{readOnly}" filter="#{filter}"/></c:if>
</ui:composition>


</html>
